You're wasting your time.
Who is the man you're working for?
Even if I knew his name.
I wouldn't tell you.
Guy's evil.
The bombs you built will kill hundreds.
They've sent that jet
to bring you back to Poland.
Are you worried about your girlfriend?
About your baby?
If you ever want to see them again.
help me defuse those bombs.
There is one problem with that.
Sam?
Who is this?
It's Olivia Thatcher.
What are you doing there?
We've been in contact with Marsha.
We know you're worried about her.
We know you're doing all of this for her.
You've been in touch with Marsha?
Sam. It's me.
Look. I know you're gonna be
worried about me. but I'm okay.
Don't let them use me against you.
Not today.
Oh. God... I gotta go.
Is she safe?
We're working on it.
That's not good enough.
She's saying
she doesn't want you to do this.
No. No. she's sacrificing herself.
and I won't let her do that.
Even if it means you sacrificing yourself?
You're helping your son's killer escape.
That's the deal that I've had to make.
And if you want to save these passengers.
then the hand over must go ahead.
I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky
And when we go
We won't go slow
We'll put up such a fight
And you will be one day
Exactly what you are
Just keep your head held high
Kiss your fist and touch the sky
Too late to keep the world from dying
One day
We'll all be there
Yeah. yeah. yeah
Taking someone for his walkies?
SO15 had him indoors all day.
Linder. come in.
We're heading to Britz-Süd.
Just one sec.
Yeah. All good here.
I'm not sure what's worse.
The fact that you've lost control.
or the fact you don't realize it.
It'll be done within the hour.
Tell me about your Scottish friends.
What about them?
The hostage has given them the slip.
And if she's not in play. it's game over.
Guess who ain't getting his cut.
- Lang. We have to go.
- Yeah. yeah.
It's not just Marsha.
Now I've got her little piggy boyfriend
sticking his snout in.
This can't come back on me.
Well. the other option is.
I just blow the train right now.
Take Nelson out.
Nelson's only half the deal.
Well. then.
you'll just have to pay me half.
No. It's all or nothing.
Bailey-Brown needs to be on that train.
even if it means
putting him on there yourself.
We getting out of here or not?
Everything all right?
Hell of a day out. this.
The convoy's on the move. ETA 20 minutes.
We're really doing this?
Giving up a prisoner on live TV.
You'll be crucified.
Until we know who controls
the bombs. we have no choice.
How many hostages on that train?
We rescued 54 people.
There's at least another 100
still on board.
Okay. Well. just because
the press want a show
doesn't mean we have to give them one.
Get down there.
TERRORIST INCIDENT IN U-BAHN
Fucking hell.
So much for a safe perimeter!
I told the Bundespolizei
we needed at least 500 meters
but I guess everyone
really fancies their chances today.
I hope you like an audience...
The distraction is good.
We'll approach the train from the rear.
inspect the explosives from underneath.
I've got bad news about that.
I interviewed the bombmaker...
It's a collapsing circuit?
The only person who can stop this
is the one holding the trigger.
No man's land.
Britz-Süd.
Just a few more minutes
until we are out of the tunnel.
Just get us to that depot. Otto.
And then this is over for you.
But not for you.
No.
Not for me.
Nightsun. Seacat-1.
update position and endurance.
Seacat-1. this is Nightsun.
Approaching target area.
Fuel remaining at 3-0 minutes.
No signs of life.
Can we go round again?
Roger. I'll start
an expanding square from here.
We have something?
They've identified the female hijacker.
Her real name is Mona Hakimi.
A combat medic
trained by Moroccan special forces.
You might want to look away
for the next bit.
We're running her name
through various databases.
but so far we haven't found anyth--
Wait.
The tattoo.
That must be who Sam
was meeting at the bar.
What bar?
"The Foxhole?"
Yeah. It's popular with military veterans.
Sam wanted us to find that.
He wanted us to know
who was setting him up.
That was clever.
But sadly...
Yeah.
She can't tell us who she was working for.
No. but this is good.
We're getting close. Keep working on it.
Mr Diehl. where are we?
What's the latest position of the train?
BERGMANNSTRASSE STATION
Evening.
Looks like I missed all the excitement.
You waiting to lock up?
Police are still down there.
What are they expecting to find?
Apparently someone went missing.
Bit careless if you ask me.
Excuse me.
Marsha's message made no difference.
Both Winter and Sam seem focused
on getting the passengers off the train.
one way or another.
And they're both prepared
to put Bailey-Brown onto that train.
Even though nobody knows
who's pulling the strings.
There is something.
The people behind this.
they're mercenaries.
Ex-military?
Looks like it.
And they all met here. in Berlin.
Someone on the inside.
We're five minutes out from the depot.
Copy that.
Well. let's hope your train's on time.
Come on. Here.
We need to find her before they do.
She won't risk the high ground again.
And they'll have to refuel
before too long.
I guess someone else has found out.
He's not happy.
We'll get her.
If she wants to be found.
she'll give herself up eventually.
Tell him to wind his fucking neck in.
- Oh. you wanna tell him that?
- Come on.
Nothing here.
Stop.
Check the underside of the vehicle.
Fuck sake. I told her not to move.
Well. maybe she had to.
You tell them to keep searching. okay?
All right.
I'm gonna see if I can reach her.
Look. even if we drove all night.
we wouldn't make it until the morning.
Our best chance of stopping this
is in here.
Come on.
EVIDENCE - WITNESS STATEMENT
I spoke with Peter Faber.
He thinks there's an inside man.
Maybe that's who Sam
was trying to lead us to.
"Witness described the man
as a British officer type."
If Faber believes there's an inside man.
maybe it's one of his.
We are live here
at the Britz-Süd U-Bahn depot.
where it seems things are escalating...
We are now seeing a U-5 train
believed to be the one
hijacked earlier today.
What happens next is the big question...
Well...
there's no going back now.
Kill the lights.
I don't want them seeing in.
Listen up.
I am gonna kill the lights
for your safety.
Now. we are almost there.
But you have to listen to my instructions.
Because not one single person is safe.
until you are all off this train.
Sir. we are getting off though. right?
Yeah. yeah. You heard him.
We're just gonna have to stay calm.
Now. I know that you have been
on this train for a long time.
but this is the end of the line.
And I swear on my life. okay.
you will get off.
You will.
- Okay.
- Is all this for us?
Hey. guys. this is it.
All units. maintain safe perimeter.
Copy that.
And when they are all off...
what then?
I guess I'll find out.
And what will I tell them?
Well. you tell them the truth.
That you were forced to do it.
I wasn't forced to do this.
I was paid.
I took the money.
I wish I hadn't. but I don't want it.
Otto.
You saved lives.
Doesn't really feel like it.
Okay. Clara. this is it.
We see you. Sam.
Do you have an update on Marsha?
I'm sorry. Sam.
Twenty minutes until bingo fuel.
She could be anywhere.
We're gonna have to call this soon.
We'll go around one more time.
He doesn't use
his weekly phone calls. Never has.
He's not stupid enough.
Any visitors?
You can check the logs.
but he's not a popular boy.
Keeps his head down.
He's a bit of a sad case. if you ask me.
Bullshit. He's speaking to someone.
He has to be.
You've just missed it.
This place is watertight.
CCTV everywhere. including the cells.
Not to mention the fact that her lot
have put audio taps in most of 'em.
So. if we've missed something.
so have you.
Where's he been?
Just back from his exercise.
Knows the rules. that one.
Likes to get his steps in.
He went out there as soon as he got back?
Pretty much. yeah.
Hold up.
Arms out.
Oh. give it a rest. Greggsy.
You know the drill.
What's this?
My mother's wedding ring
on my brother's chain.
- You really gonna take that off me?
- Go on.
- Yeah. didn't think so.
- Go.
No more.
I'm done.
The people who work for me...
I decide when they're done.
...held hostages has now arrived
at the Britz-Süd depot
in the southeast of the city.
At this stage. there is still
no confirmed information
regarding the perpetrator.
the motive or demands
or. most importantly. the condition
of those being held on board.
However. we are seeing a lot of movement
as police and specialist units
attend to the situation...
- Where's the other guy?
- I don't know.
He was with us at Bergmannstrasse.
But he's not answering.
Look. it's fine. We can handle it.
Let's just get this over with.
He's not going anywhere
until all the hostages are safe.
Follow me.
Move.
Clara. have you got an update?
Where's John Bailey-Brown?
The police are bringing him
into the depot now.
They're going to wait outside
the blast radius.
We're in position.
That's him?
Okay. I'm sending the passengers
out to you one by one.
Thank you. Sam.
Once the final hostage is released.
we'll send the prisoner to the train.
Understood.
Let's hope it won't come to that.
Otto.
I'm gonna need your help. okay?
Before you go. just lead the way.
Make sure the passengers get off safe.
Of course.
That's my job.
Take care.
Okay. one by one.
Follow the driver.
Walk straight to the police.
Don't stop or turn around.
It's over.
Go.
Okay. one by one.
Nice and slow. just like I said.
Come on.
Okay. this way. Down here. come on...
Just go in this direction.
Go in this direction. please.
I'll tell you something...
- What's that?
- I'd rather be getting off that train
than getting on it.
Yeah. well. I'll take whatever's coming.
I appreciate you showing me round.
Yeah. it's exactly as you left it
in October '86.
And what's in there?
That's actually my old domain.
It's all computers now though. isn't it?
Tell me about it.
Can you just...
I think we've found him!
All units. Officer down. I repeat...
Mr Frohms. Come with me. please.
You okay here?
Just keep going.
So. what's up?
- There's a problem...
- Okay.
They've found your colleague.
So. what is the deal. eh.
once I'm on there?
Just go with it.
"Go with it?"
Go with what?
You haven't told me anything.
- Where am I headed?
- Just shut up. and play along.
Before they pull the plug.
What do you mean pull the plug?
You're coming too. right?
Mei.
just go.
And Nelson? What's the plans for him. eh?
- Why do you care?
- I don't.
But how are you gonna protect me
against him?
Well. he's not armed. is he?
So just relax.
Nah. I'm not getting on that train
until you level with me.
Come on. I'm the last one.
No. I can't.
You've still not given me any answers.
- Don't worry. I'll vouch for you.
- This is turning into a joke.
I'm not worried about me.
What the hell's going on?
Just don't cause a scene.
I have to go back. Go.
Sam. Sam!
- This isn't what you think.
- Otto. what are you doing here?
- Get out of here.
- No. Something's not right.
Look at him.
Does he look happy to be escaping?
No.
Come on.
- So. what is this?
- What's he doing here?
Who?
That's the guy that we've been talking to.
- The guy with the detonator?
- Yes.
You're shitting me!
No. no. no. That's good.
Why is this good?
I'm prepared to die today. but I bet
the guy with the detonator isn't.
It's Lang. Robert Lang.
Your colleague?
Yeah. He's ex-military.
He's had access to everything.
Perfectly placed to run the whole
operation right under my fucking nose.
That must be who Sam met with.
And trust me. he's not afraid
to get his hands dirty.
- Okay. Do you know where he is?
- Where do you reckon?
Oh. God.
That's him.
No. no. no. This stinks.
What... What are you fucking...
- What are you... What are you doing?
- It's for the best.
Nelson!
Get me out of these. Lang!
What are you doing?
Lang. what are you doing?
What the hell is Sam doing?
He's being smart.
If Lang is the trigger man. Sam knows
he won't blow the train while he's on it.
I thought you were in control here. Lang.
Where are we going? Where's Nelson?
Well. there's only one place he can be...
You lied to me! What is this?
Get me out of this. Lang!
Wait! What are you doing?
God!
You fucker!
Where is he?
I don't know.
That was a nice trick.
but let me ask you again.
Where is he?
You were right the first time.
So. come on then. What you got?
No. I would've thought you were
a better shot than that.
Try again.
Oh. dear.
All right. let's do this another way.
I don't think you've got it in you. Lang.
And I know what you'd say.
You'll just kill Marsha.
One message. that's all it takes.
That's why I want to offer you a deal.
Come on. come on...
Shit.
That's it. Nice and slow.
You want us both dead.
Okay. I get it.
But trust me. I have no reason
to want to keep him alive.
It's the least he deserves
for what happened to Kai.
Christ.
Who the hell is Kai?
Kai is my son!
My son! You murdered him!
You know who Kai is.
Is that what he's made you think?
It's the only way we could get you
to do what we wanted.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Not unless you want to lose Marsha.
Fuck you!
Okay.
So. go on then. what's your deal?
Kill us both.
You go quietly.
Just let Marsha live.
That's all I ask.
I'm sorry.
- Come on.
- That doesn't quite do it for me.
That's what I thought you'd say.
Sam!
Otto. just go! Just go.
Shit.
We need to get out.
- Okay. guys. seeing that?
- Affirm. one o'clock.
Must be her.
- Can we make it?
- Let's find out.
It's over.
That's what that means. right?
They've detonated.
How far is that from here?
About five minutes on foot.
Why?
Olivia...
it's not safe.
Peter. it's me.
I'm headed to the Cathedral.
In the German capital.
reports of an explosion
and visible smoke rising from areas
of the underground system.
Eyewitnesses above ground
have spoken of a loud blast
which could be heard and felt.
And while the exact source
remains unconfirmed.
it seems likely the...
The hostages have been released.
but several people
were still on board the train
when it headed back down into the tunnel.
...arriving at key access points...
Details haven't yet been given
as to what specifically prompted...
You don't call me. I call you.
You know the system.
It's done. They're dead.
Both of them?
Yes.
Well. that's good. So. what's the problem?
They know it's me.
I need an exit.
and you're gonna have to pay me more.
You might wanna have a listen to this.
Turn it up.
What's done is done. Lang.
You don't get to change the terms now.
You're recording this?
I am now.
Cheapside's my firm now.
I'm king of the hill.
They can't touch me.
Yeah. because of me.
If they're both dead. like I asked.
then you'll get your cut
of the Kingdom money. like we agreed.
Are you okay?
Yeah. let's go. Lang!
- Lang!
- Who's that? What's going on?
- Go.
- Thank you.
We've got him.
There are still
no clear answers at this stage.
And emergency services
remain focused on settling the situation.
Lang!
Suspects on foot.
heading east along the river.
- Here.
- Hey. let's go.
Step away from the property.
Armed officers are on their way.
Go. go. go!
On your knees!
Hands behind your head!
Both of you.
Two suspects identified.
Copy.
They're giving themselves up.
Standby for an update on the victim.
All right! All right!
It's all over. Robert!
On your knees!
Get on your knees!
Stop moving. or we'll shoot!
I wouldn't answer that if I were you.
You know who that is?
I've got a pretty good idea.
So you know he's never gonna stop.
I'm the only one that's left.
Final warning!
Move again. and we'll shoot!
No! No. no. no!
We're seeing movement
inside the cabin. Stand by.
Grim scenes on the streets
of Berlin tonight.
But an apparent end to the crisis.
with German police reporting
all perpetrators
either apprehended or killed.
Step away from the door!
Come on!
Down on the ground!
Down! Put your hands behind your back!
- Move!
Sam's alive. so is Marsha.
All you've ever achieved
is to destroy your own family.
Get back here! Get back here!
I'll kill ya! I'll kill ya!
You know who I am now?
I am never drinking again.
You said that in Prague.
Great. Now we're getting on a bus.
Let's just go home. George.
All the hostages are safe.
Thank you. Chancellor.
There were a lot of people involved.
If you'll excuse me.
there is still a lot of work to do.
Okay. people.
The network is back up and running.
It could be a long night.
Miss Berger...
Go home and get some sleep.
It's all good. I have fresh coffee.
Your shift is over.
My shift was over eight hours ago!
Thank you very much.
I was blinded by obsession.
You and me both.
Sam?
Olivia.
Yeah. Just returning some lost property.
I thought you might want to call her.
Is she safe?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Sam?
Yeah.
I'm here. yes.
I'm right here.
If I'm standing in a crowd
Call my name. call it loud
Don't go to strangers
Woman. call on me
Wave your arm in the air
Let me know that you're there
When in doubt
Oh. woman. call on me